What data types do each of these values represent?

  string = "A Clockwork Orange"
  integer = 42
  date = 09/02/1945
  float = 98.7
  money = $15.99

Explain in your own words when a database might be used. Explain when a 
text file might be used.
  Use a database when it becomes unreasonable to magage the data using a text 
  file.  This can occur at different times depending on many project factors.  
  The first few questions are important: Who needs the stored data?  
  How much data is being stored or expected?

Describe one difference between SQL and other programming languages.
  SQL doesn't require algorithms to fetch data.

In your own words, explain how the pieces of a database system fit together 
at a high level.
  Like most applications a database is software making use of hardware 
  to help humans.

Explain the meaning of table, row, column, and value.
  A database table is made out of one to many rows and columns.
  A column is the y-axis of the database and the row is the x-axis.
  The value of an item is stored in a database cell.  

List 3 data types that can be used in a table.
  string, integer, float

Given this payments table, provide an English description of the following 
queries and include their results:

     SELECT date, amount
     FROM payments;

     English: Fetch all the values stored in the date and amount columns 
     from the payments table
     Result: All rows from the payments table for the date and amount column

     SELECT amount
     FROM payments
     WHERE amount > 500;

     English: Fetch all values stored in the amount column from the payments 
     table that are greater than 500
     Result: All values greater than 500 in the amount column

     SELECT *
     FROM payments
     WHERE payee = 'Mega Foods';
     
     English: Fetch all values from the payments table where the payee is 
     "Mega Foods".
     Result: All values from the table associated with payee Mega Foods.
    
Given this users table, write SQL queries using the following criteria and include the output:

The email and sign-up date for the user named DeAndre Data.
  SELECT email, sign-up 
  FROM users
  WHERE name = 'DeAndre Data'

The user ID for the user with email 'aleesia.algorithm@uw.edu'.
  SELECT id 
  FROM users
  WHERE email = 'aleesia.algorithm@uw.edu'

All the columns for the user ID equal to 4
  SELECT * 
  FROM users
  WHERE id = 4